Please note that plagiarism must not exceed 25%. Faculty will only consider the student report for evaluation if the plagiarism percentage is within the permissible limit of 25%. (Additionally, ensure to include the self-declared plagiarism percentage in the Viva portal when submitting the report).



S2-23_DSECLZG628T » Forums » Announcements » Cluster Dissertation : Evaluation Criteria
S.
Cluster Dissertation : Evaluation Criteria
by Sarmistha Nag .

Below are some of the key points of dissertation evaluation :



· The student will work for 16 weeks on the project under the guidance of his mentor / supervisor. The project should be based on Data science / Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning domain and it should be demonstrable.





· There will be 3 stages of evaluations for the Dissertation -



Abstract / Synopsis / Outline document
Midterm
Comprehensive




1. Evaluation criteria: Abstract / Synopsis / Outline document



v The dates should be confined to the academic calendar

v The title of the outline has to be well formulated

v The objectives of the project need to be well stated

• What is the current problem?

• Literature study

• What are benefits of the new solution?

v The detailed plan of work for 16 weeks should be mentioned





2. Evaluation criteria: Mid Semester





v The mid semester work should justify efforts for 8 weeks duration from the start of the semester.

v The mid semester work has to be is in line with commitments made in outline.

v The mid semester report should be in the prescribed format. The format will be provided by BITS

v The evaluator may ask for a demo (if feasible you may demo) during mid semester evaluation.

v The plagiarism of mid semester report should be less than 25%

v Mid semester Report Submission and attending mid semester evaluation is mandatory without which you will not be eligible for final evaluation.





3.Evaluation criteria: Comprehensive Evaluation



v The comprehensive report should detail the work completion/achievements.

v The Project work should be of innovative in nature.

v The comprehensive report should be in the prescribed format. The format will be provided by BITS.

v The student is expected to present his/her project work using slides during evaluation and provide appropriate response to questions of the evaluator.

v The Plagiarism of the final report should be less than 20%, if not you will be asked to resubmit. If the plagiarism of the resubmitted report exceeds 20%, student will be penalised accordingly.

v The project should be demonstratable, in case no DEMO is provided by the student, grades might be affected.

Hello Kashi, Date is 20th July to 26th July to submit mid semester report and then BITS PILANI will arrange the viva on this. Please inform the developer to be ready with LSTM and need to understand the code and details process and we need to follow the mid sem guidelines of the document attached above.